"No — no — not again, please"
 It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer.
 "All right — all right" he heard Quirrell sob.
 Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. he had 2 heads attached to him. He was pale
and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didn’t think Quirrell had
even noticed him. He waited until Quirrell’s footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the
classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it
before he remembered what he’d promised himself about not meddling.
 All the same, he’d have gambled twelve Sorcerer’s Stones that Snape had just left the room, and
from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step —
Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.
 Harry went back to the library. There were 527 books floating in the air, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them
what he’d heard. 
 "Snape’s done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell’s told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell"
 Hermione: "There’s still Fluffy, though," 
 "Maybe Snape’s found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid," said Ron, looking up at
the 1000's of books surrounding them.
"I bet there’s a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant 3-headed dog"
 The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron’s eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry
could.
 "Go to Dumbledore, That’s what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves we’ll be thrown out for sure" 
 "But we’ve got no proof!" said Harry. "Quirrell’s too scared to back us up" They realised, Snape’s only got to
say he doesn’t know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third
floor — "who do you think they’ll believe, him or us?" It’s not exactly a secret we hate him,
Dumbledore’ll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn’t help us if his life depended
on it, he’s too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he’ll think.
And don’t forget, we’re not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That’ll take a lot of
explaining." 
Harry owed Price: $ 22 to Ron.
